This policy will help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your user information
2. Description of how we use cookies and APP basic permissions
3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your user information
4. How we protect your user information
5. Your rights
6. How we process children’s personal information
7. How your user information is stored and transferred globally
8. How to update this policy
9. Account cancellation process
10. How to contact us

We fully understand the importance of user information to you and will do our best to protect the safety and reliability of your user information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and abiding by the following principles to protect your user information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the least sufficient principle, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. . At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your user information in accordance with mature security standards in the industry.
Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our products (or services).

1. How we use cookies and basic permissions

(1) Cookies To ensure the normal operation of the website, we will store small data files called Cookies on your mobile device. Cookies usually contain an identifier, the site name, and some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store data about your access preferences.

We will not use Cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have the function to block cookies. However, if you do this, you will need to change your user settings yourself each time you visit our website.
(2) Website beacons and pixel tags

In addition to Cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags on our website. For example, emails we sent you may contain click URLs linked to content on our website. If you click this link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A web beacon is typically a transparent image embedded into a website or email. With the help of pixel tags in emails, we can learn whether the emails have been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.

(3) DoNot Track (Do Not Track) Many web browsers are equipped with a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. Currently, the major Internet standards organizations have no policies in place that govern how websites should respond to such requests. However, if your browser has Do Not Track enabled, all of our sites will respect your choice.
